alright guys how's it going it is choose
daily Devin for Vargas 2015 in your
chinko TV saw a piece in the in the echo
today about Brendan Rodgers and I've
been through the most traumatic for
years of my life he was speaking in a
book called living on the volcano I'll
put the link to the book in the video
description below this video it's
written by Michael Calvin I don't know
anything about the book yeah it's Ralph
I'll find it while this video is
uploading i'll put the link there for
you and basically Brendan Rodgers's
quarters and I've been through probably
the most traumatic for years of my life
I lost my mum I lost my dad asked little
from the woman I love for 23 years I had
a carcass to Old Bailey trousers over
six weeks from my son who's Jerry sexual
assault which was an absolute disgrace
yet professionally here and that Swansea
needs have been the best four years of
my life something has to come from
within you have to put the professional
and personal to each side it's about
being happy of course but the owners
appeared me to do a job so I will do the
job there's a story about Jimmy Cyril at
Notts County wit to stuck with me since
I was young coach his wife Kathy died
late on the Friday night but you came in
on the Saturday nothing was said he got
on with his job he did the job he did
his job the team played the game 10 game
normally after every game I mean his
wife or see a little table another glass
then they'd go this saturday night he
quickly popped into the bar someone
asked about his wife and he said she
died last night he'd lost all of his
life he's right hand but he still came
in and did his job makes you think
doesn't it now the reason that I've
single does comments out guys is because
it's it's a reminder the football
players and managers etc there a name
and an icon to many of us but the you
know some people treated like a piece of
meat and I think that some we need to
remember these people are human as well
just because the pair vast amounts of
money doesn't mean that people should
present them and that they don't have
any feeling that they should just be
fucking happy because the millionaires
you know we talked about the players
there but the manager has obviously come
under a lot
you know he's gonna add a lot of shit in
the last few years and many of us go
through a lot of shit we all have our
turn in life three that's for sure but I
just think that people need to remember
that and I see a lot of people poking
fun at Brendan Rodgers to do with these
private life they split with his missus
and stuff like that and a lot like and
you'll have seen me mention it all the
time but not all the time many Italian
my videos I don't like that because
people don't know the ins and outs of
shit like that and what right have we
got to pass a comment on them the only
time I think that a player or a
manager's person life becomes our
business is if it affects their
performance you know so like people
often say well what's it going to do
with us and that's very true it's very
true if something if the play is not
playing right sometimes a player loose
authority what's fucking wrong with him
you know what he's wrong with him and
sometimes it can be is on doing you know
it can be you know I'm not saying that
if someone lost somebody you know
relationship or a bereavement that they
should be dropped from the team because
they're not focus sometimes people bring
it on themselves you know they can be
doing things off the field that they're
involved in they can be involved in
drama that can be involved in in stuff
that's not very pretty and then the
committal you know going to work or a
now your turn out for our club or
whatever and you know maybe not all
there and since so I think that's when
it becomes when it affects their job you
know if Brendan Rodgers was you know
doing what not with some chick or
whatever and people might think that
they've got an interesting that it
doesn't interest me but if he's you know
if it starts affecting his job because
he's under a lot of stress you know
stuff like that and stuff tenax like
well why don't I mean it maybe we have
got a writer's drum a little comment
about you no could it be this that's
getting his head a little bit but I will
air toward none of our fucking business
99.9 person at a time but it just makes
you realize you know stuff like stuff
like that you know and it takes people
tell ya when you paid four or five
million pound year what does it fucking
matter your book you know your mom's
your mum you guys are form our video for
a few years know what I've been through
women
and you know your mom your dad you look
well we've all fucking you know we all
go through it and another money in bank
will make you feel any fucking better
you can improve your life you know it
can make people around you happy but you
can you know you know I'm saying you
know so just this little reminder
because I think Brendan's that are you
know quite quite a vicious time from a
lot of loopholes pot since the end of
last season and as much as I'm not his
biggest fan I did you know I did stickle
free mini it sounds then I think this is
our Father you know you know the
character stuff you know great character
it's all right it's funny at first but
then when it starts crossing over into
bullying I don't like bullies I don't
write all these guys I like laughs and I
like bumper and I'll be the first person
to say shut the fuck up we're having a
laugh but not when it gets you know when
it gets a bit you know malicious and
that's tender like that so my point of
this video the probably isn't one I
think it's just to just to remind
ourselves that you know Brendan Rodgers
decent human being and whether your rate
in more you don't rate him whether you
wanting to feel miserably or be a
success you know there can be reasons
why people can be a bit you know off
sometimes and stuff like that I'm gonna
be a peer of a press conference and hots
you're not talking for what's he like
that for what's he snapped before you
know so you know I don't know having our
I remember reading once this something
about you know you bump into people
industry and sometimes people you know
you're the door opened his whopper you
got have fucking miserable bastard
sometimes you don't realize know why
people may be like that me you know like
you can go to so you can be served on a
chill in the shop air that's too pumped
it should you give it money to fucking
snap you know you think fucking major
bloke on you know but you don't know
what's going on in their life mean
personally out in our red bat and I
agree with that to an extent but I don't
think there's nothing should ever
started putting a smile on your fucking
face and saying please and thank you
that's just math that's just my
upbringing you're not saying that's what
I think you know I've seen people are
terminally ill lid in beds in hospitals
still laughing and having a smile and
stuff like that you
so when I see someone that's got a
fucking cold and you're like what's
wrong you've got a cool what's your
offer can work I want to stab him in the
face you know me anyway so we're going
on that one but I thought I'd mention it
guys anyways so you know fuck it let's
not you know let's not defend you know
we can't go soft over stuff you know we
can't go soft if things start going
wrong but you know just let's keep it
real as well having hi guys array